---
layout: default
title: Resume
---

h1{text-align: center}. Nathan Kerr

p{text-align:center}. Phone: (602) 325-3299
Email: "nathan@nathankerr.com":mailto:nathan@nathankerr.com

|_.Profile|_.Skills|
|My curiosity drives my strong interest in technology. In my spare time I enjoy learning about other cultures and languages. I can read Chinese and Ancient Greek. | Parallel Programming using MPI. Web site administration and development including work with Ruby on Rails. Linux based cluster administration. Programming in C/C++, Ruby, Perl, Python, Java. |

h2{text-align:center}. Education

h3. M.S., Computer Science
Arizona State University — Advisor: Dan Stanzione — Expected December 2009

Developed the Urban Systems Framework, a data centric workflow for GIS processing. Thesis on processing and analyzing GIS data on compute clusters utilizing PostGIS, Hadoop, and MPI.

h3. B.A., Journalism and Mass Communication: Media Production
Arizona State University — May 2006

Focused on the technical aspects of video production including field and studio production. Gained experience producing, directing, and operating camera, switching, audio, and LVM (live-video-motion) equipment.

h2{text-align:center}. Experience

h3. Research Assistant
Arizona State University High Performance Computing Institute, Tempe, Arizona — 2007-Present

Top 500 class cluster operations and development. Consulted on geospatial (GIS) data management and processing including running simulations, developing a data centric framework for organizing, processing, and visualizing GIS data, and exploring methods to execute GIS processing and analysis in parallel.

h3. Student Systems Administrator
Arizona State University High Performance Computing Institute, Tempe Arizona — 2006-2007

Administered a Top 500 class Supercomputer. Specific responsibilities included designing and implementing systems monitoring, improving communication with users using wiki based technology and ticket tracking software. Discovered and solved many systems related issues.

h3. Senior Student Worker
Arizona State University Engineering Technical Services, Tempe, Arizona — 2003-2006

Oversaw five student workers in front line computer support for the Ira A. Fulton School of Engineering. Designed and implemented related programs and policies including server monitoring with Nagios.

h3. Missionary
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Hong Kong — 2000-2002

Learned to speak and read Cantonese-Chinese. Presented messages on the gospel of Jesus Christ to citizens of Hong Kong in their native tongue.

h3. Production Enabler
Siemens Enterprises, Inc., Hereford, Arizona — 1996-2000

Enabled all aspects of video production from teleprompting to running camera to directing live cable-casts of the local city council meetings.
